# **Netflix Stakeholders**

For successful software development, a comprehensive discovery process
is crucial. This process establishes the project's requirements and sets
the foundation for success or failure. Engaging all stakeholders from
the outset is the most significant step developers can take to achieve
success.

Here is a list of **Internal, External and Hidden Stakeholders and
project build team** for Netflix.

## **Internal Stakeholders**

Internal stakeholders involved in content management and performance
tracking on Netflix

1)  **Content acquisition manager** - These are the individuals
    responsible for acquiring and licensing content for Netflix. They
    use the Netflix UI to view data and analytics related to content
    performance and audience engagement.

2)  **Content operations head**- These are the individuals responsible
    for managing the technical aspects of content delivery, such as
    encoding, quality control, and metadata management. They use the
    Netflix UI to upload and manage content, and to view data related to
    performance and usage.

3)  **Marketing and promotions Manager**- These are the individuals
    responsible for creating and executing marketing campaigns to
    promote Netflix's original content. They use the Netflix UI to view
    data related to audience engagement and to track the success of
    their campaigns.

4)  **Analytics and data Manager-** These are responsible for collecting
    and analyzing data related to content performance and
    audience engagement. They use the Netflix UI to view and analyze
    data related to views, revenue, and other key
    performance indicators.

5)  **Finance and accounting Manager-** These are responsible for
    managing the financial aspects of content production
    and distribution. They use the Netflix UI to view data related to
    revenue, expenses, and profitability.

6)  **Legal and compliance head**- These are responsible for ensuring
    that content on Netflix complies with legal and
    regulatory requirements. They use the Netflix UI to view and manage
    content metadata, and to track compliance with various laws
    and regulations.

## **External Stakeholders**

External stakeholders play an important role in Netflix's user interface
(UI), as they can impact how the product is perceived and used by
customers.

1)  **Customers / Viewers** - Customers are the primary external
    stakeholders when it comes to designing Netflix's UI. Their needs
    and preferences should be taken into consideration when designing
    the UI, including factors such as ease of use, accessibility, and
    visual appeal.

2)  **Content creators and distributors** - The UI needs to be designed
    to showcase the content available on Netflix in a visually appealing
    and easy-to-navigate way. Content creators and distributors can also
    provide input on how their content should be displayed on
    the platform.

## **Hidden stakeholders**

1)  **Device manufacturers** - Netflix's UI needs to be designed to work
    well on a variety of devices, including smart TVs, mobile devices,
    and gaming consoles. Device manufacturers can provide input on how
    the UI should be adapted to work best on their devices.

2)  **Internet service providers** (ISPs) - The quality and speed of
    users' internet connections can impact the performance of
    Netflix's UI. ISPs can provide input on how the UI should be
    optimized for different internet speeds and connections.

3)  **Accessibility advocates** - These stakeholders work to ensure that
    the UI is accessible to people with disabilities, which can require
    specific design considerations such as color contrast, font size,
    and keyboard navigation.

4)  **User privacy advocates** - These stakeholders work to ensure that
    user data is protected and that privacy concerns are addressed in UI
    design and development.

5)  **Cultural advisors** - Netflix operates in many different countries
    and cultures, and cultural advisors can provide input on how the UI
    should be adapted to different cultural contexts.

6)  **Language translators** - Netflix operates in many different
    countries and languages, and language translators can ensure that
    the UI is accurately translated for non-English-speaking users.

### **Project Build Team**

**Product managers** - These are the individuals responsible for
defining the product vision, setting priorities, and coordinating the
efforts of the project build team.

**UX designers** - These are the individuals responsible for designing
the user interface and user experience for Netflix. They work closely
with other stakeholders to ensure that the interface meets the needs and
expectations of users.

**UI developers** - These are the individuals responsible for
implementing the user interface design and building the front-end of the
Netflix application.

**Back-end developers** - These are the individuals responsible for
building the back-end infrastructure and services that power the Netflix
application.

**Quality assurance (QA) engineers** - These are the individuals
responsible for testing the Netflix application to ensure that it meets
the quality standards and requirements.

**Project managers** - These are the individuals responsible for
planning, executing, and closing projects. They work closely with the
project build team to ensure that the project is completed on time,
within budget, and to the satisfaction of stakeholders.
