# **User Requirements Document or System Definition Document for Netflix**


## **System requirements**

-   Streaming: The system should be able to stream high-quality video
    content smoothly and efficiently to users across various devices
    and networks.

-   Search and Discovery: The system should provide an intuitive and
    user-friendly interface that allows users to easily search and
    discover relevant content based on their preferences and history.

-   Personalization: The system should offer personalized
    recommendations based on a user's viewing history, ratings,
    and preferences.

-   User Management: The system should allow users to create and manage
    their profiles, including setting preferences, viewing history, and
    account information.

-   Content Management: The system should provide a comprehensive
    content management system that allows content providers to upload
    and manage their content on the platform.

-   Security and Privacy: The system should ensure the security and
    privacy of user data, including personal information, viewing
    history, and payment details.

-   Performance and Scalability: The system should be able to handle a
    large number of concurrent users and traffic, ensuring high
    availability, reliability, and scalability

## **Objectives:**

One of its primary objectives might be to offer a wide variety of
high-quality content, including movies, TV shows, documentaries, and
original content, to cater to diverse interests and preferences of its
users worldwide. Another objective might be to improve user engagement
and retention by providing a personalized and seamless user experience,
offering tailored recommendations, and fostering a sense of community
and belonging among its subscribers. To expand its reach and market
share, Netflix may aim to enter new markets, offering localized content
and differentiating itself from competitors by providing exclusive and
original content. As a business, it also aims to generate revenue
through subscription fees, advertising, merchandising, and licensing
deals while balancing the need to invest in content creation,
technology, and innovation. Finally, Netflix may aim to continuously
innovate and stay ahead of industry trends by experimenting with new
formats, technologies, and distribution models to meet evolving customer
needs and expectations. These objectives may vary depending on market
conditions, business strategies, and customer feedback.

## **Target environment:**

The target environment for Netflix would be the online streaming
industry, which is a highly competitive and constantly evolving market.
The target audience for Netflix is primarily adults between the ages of
18-49 who enjoy watching movies and TV shows. The streaming service is
available worldwide, with a significant user base in the United States,
Canada, and Europe, as well as growing markets in Asia, Africa, and
Latin America. Netflix can be accessed through various devices,
including smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, laptops, and gaming consoles.
Therefore, the target environment for Netflix would include a range of
devices and platforms that support streaming video content.

## **Constraints and assumptions:**

Constraints may include:

-   Technical limitations of devices and platforms used by customers to
    access the service

-   Legal and regulatory requirements for content distribution and
    licensing

-   Budget limitations for system development, maintenance, and upgrades

-   Physical and technical infrastructure required for storing and
    delivering large volumes of video content

-   Time constraints for development, testing, and release of new
    features and updates

-   Competition from other streaming services, which may limit the
    ability to increase subscription fees or attract new customers

Assumptions may include:

-   User demand for high-quality streaming video content will continue
    to grow

-   Users will be willing to pay a monthly subscription fee for access
    to the service

-   The availability of new content will be a significant factor in
    attracting and retaining customers

-   Users will prefer a personalized experience, including tailored
    recommendations and multiple profile options

-   User data will be used to improve the service, but also kept private
    and secure.

## **Conceptual models:**

Conceptual models for Netflix might include visual representations of
the system context, usage scenarios, and principal domain entities.

One example of a conceptual model for Netflix could be a diagram
illustrating how users interact with the system. This could show how
users access the Netflix app or website, search for content, select
titles to watch, and interact with different features such as
recommendations or playlists.

Another example of a conceptual model could be a workflow diagram that
illustrates how content is added to the platform, including the
processes involved in licensing, production, and delivery of TV shows
and movies. This could include the roles and responsibilities of
different stakeholders such as producers, distributors, and Netflix
staff.

Additionally, conceptual models could include representations of the
principal domain entities involved in the system, such as the different
types of content available (movies, TV shows, documentaries, etc.), user
profiles, payment and billing systems, and algorithms used for
recommendations and personalized content. These models could be used to
help stakeholders understand the system and its components, identify
potential issues or areas for improvement, and guide the development of
new features and updates.

## **Workflows:**

Workflows for Netflix could include diagrams or visual representations
of the processes involved in various aspects of the system, such as
content production, licensing, delivery, and user interactions.

For example, a workflow diagram for content production might illustrate
the various steps involved in creating and uploading new TV shows or
movies, including pre-production, filming, post-production, and delivery
to Netflix. This could include the roles and responsibilities of
different stakeholders such as producers, directors, editors, and
distributors, as well as the tools and platforms used for collaboration
and content management.

Another example of a workflow diagram could be focused on user
interactions with the platform, such as the steps involved in searching
for and selecting content, adding titles to a watchlist or playlist, and
providing feedback or ratings. This could include the different options
available to users, such as different genres or categories, as well as
the algorithms and recommendation systems used to personalize the user
experience.

Workflows could be used to help stakeholders understand the system and
its processes, identify bottlenecks or areas for improvement, and ensure
that different teams and departments are aligned in their efforts. They
could also be used to guide the development of new features and updates,
and to ensure that the system meets the needs of both users and internal
stakeholders.

example

![](media/image1.png){width="6.224718941382327in"
height="3.0520833333333335in"}

## **User requirements for a Netflix application:**

1.  **Functionality:**

-   Users should be able to search for movies and TV shows by title,
    genre, and actors.

-   Users should be able to browse popular movies and TV shows.

-   Users should be able to create and manage their personal profiles.

-   Users should be able to rate and review movies and TV shows.

-   Users should be able to add movies and TV shows to their watchlist.

-   Users should be able to resume watching from where they left off.

2.  **Usability:**

-   The application should have an intuitive and
    user-friendly interface.

-   The application should load quickly and respond promptly to
    user actions.

-   The application should work seamlessly on various devices, including
    smartphones, tablets, and smart TVs.

-   The application should allow users to customize their viewing
    experience, such as by adjusting the subtitle and audio settings.

-   The application should provide recommendations based on users'
    viewing history and preferences.

3.  **Reliability:**

-   The application should be available 24/7 without interruption.

-   The application should be able to handle a large number of
    concurrent users without slowdowns or crashes.

-   The application should be secure and protect users' personal
    information and payment details.

4.  **Performance:**

-   The application should provide high-quality video streaming with
    minimal buffering.

-   The application should optimize video quality based on the user's
    internet connection speed and device capabilities.

-   The application should be able to handle high-resolution video
    formats, such as 4K and HDR.

5.  **Supportability:**

-   The application should provide clear and helpful documentation
    for users.

-   The application should offer customer support, such as via email
    or chat.

-   The application should provide regular software updates to fix bugs
    and add new features.
